{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang9 R19 Change List\ulnone\fs28\par
\par
\fs36 Global Changes\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Laser Fences can no longer be cast on buildings that are in the damaged state (66% or less health), the armor buff is removed at 66% health.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Outpost health increased from 2300 to 3000. Unpack time reduced from 30s to 20s. Emissary/Surveyor/Explorer Health Increased from 2000 to 2600.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Combat Support Airfield, Nod Support Airfield hp increased from 2000 to 4000.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 GDI/Nod Commando Sniper armor buff to survive 2 veteran Sniper Team shots. Sniper damage resistence increased from 75 to 50. Gun, grenade armor increased by 20%.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 GDI/nod commando weapon preference changed from most damage to most range (to prevent the commando trying to c4 walkers in the presence of infantry).\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Infantry now take 20% less incoming damage while in cover.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
\fs36 GDI Global \fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Mammoth Tank turret turn speed increased 25%.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Sensor Pod detection radius nerf introduced in 1.02+ undone. The detection range has been increased from 350 to 400.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Stratofighter cost increased from 1000$/30s to 1500$/45s.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}AP Ammo Watchtowers now deal 15% less damage against vehicles.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Hammerhead range reduced from 300 to 290.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Shatterer rocket damage resistance increased by 15%. (100 to 85).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Supersonic Airstrike cost increased from 2000$ to 2500$.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Grenadier armour increased by 25%, sniper damage resistence increased by 25%.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Guardian cannon with railgun damage increased from 525 to 650.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Commandos/Zone Troopers/Raiders are now untargetable while using the "jump jet" ability.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\par
\fs36 GDI\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Juggernaut turret turn speed decreased by 25%.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Power Packs heal twice as fast when out of combat and idle, delay more than halved before they start healing.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\par
\fs36 ZOCOM \fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 ZOCOM orca cost reduced to 1300$ (and xp bug fixed).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Power Packs heal twice as fast when out of combat and idle, delay more than halved before they start healing.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}ZOCOM Ion Cannon cost reverted to 5000$.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\par
\fs36 Steel Talons\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Guardian cannon with railgun damage increased from 525 to 650.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Behemoth turret turn speed decreased by 25%.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
\fs36 Nod Global\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Quad Turrets have been brought back, desync issue fixed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Quad Turrets cost increased to 1500$ / 45s.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Quad Turret animations and issues fixed, Shredder Hub animation provided by theHostileNegotiator.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Charged, Supercharged Particle Beam Shredder damage decreased to compensate for the 4th turret added by Quad Turrets. (40 to 30).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Charged, Supercharged Particle Beam Shredder Turrets now deal 15% less damage against vehicles.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Tiberium Core Missile SAM damage decreased to compensate for the 4th turret added by Quad Turrets. (225 to 168).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Dozer blades armor bonus increased from 15% to 25%.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Radar Jamming Missile time increased to from 10s to 15s.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Redeemer Engineering Facility animations fixed when really damaged.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Shadow Team range nerf in 1.02+ undone. 200 range increased to 225.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Vertigo Bomber reload time decreased from 12s to 10s.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Vertigo Disruption Pod Duration increased  from 2 minutes to 4 minutes.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\fs36 Nod \b0\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Raider Buggy damage with laser capacitors vs infantry increased from 50% to 75%. This should make it slightly better than the Raider Buggy without this upgrade, not worse.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\fs36 Black Hand\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Confessor Cabal rangefinder range increased from 180 to 250.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Black Hand Power Sgnature Scan 0$ reload time reduced from 60s to 45s.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\par
\fs36 Marked of Kane\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Enlightened HP increased from 650 to 750.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Tiberium Trooper hp increased from 300 to 350.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Supercharged Particle Beams build time increased to 1:15 (2500$ should correspond with 1:15, not 1:00).\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
\fs36 Scrin Global\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Plasma Missile Battery upgraded with Shard Launchers clip size reduced from 15 to 7.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Mechapede crash issue has been fixed.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Storm Column's now have a 105% damage scaler vs Firehawks.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ravagers take 25% of cloaking field support power damage like other advanced infantry units.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ravager range increased from 250 to 325. Rangefinder range increased from 170 to 220.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ion Storm buff duration increased from 10s to 15s.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Shock Trooper's now shoot moving targets more reliably.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Growth Accelerator/Stimulators armor normalized with other structures.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 VScrin/R17 Shock Trooper cooldown reduced from 30s to 15s.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Gunwalker damage bonus to Cultists reduced from 300% to 150%.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0  Eradicator Hexapod healrate reduced by 25% with Corruptors/Mechapedes.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Storm Columns now shoot after the build animation has completed. This makes it consistent with the other bases defenses, fixes the firing fx of the first shot and also allows Scrin players to target a unit its placed.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\fs36\par
Reaper-17\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs28 Blue Shard ravager damage increased from 180 to 200. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Reaper-17 outpost speed has been normalized to all of the other outposts 50 -> 60.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Shardwalker damage bonus to Cultists reduced from 300% to 200%.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\fs36 Traveler-59\fs28\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Advanced Articulator speed bonus decreased by 10% across the board, undoing the buff in 1.02.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Prodigy hp has been increased to match the Mastermind (1000 to 1250).\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Prodigy teleport range reduced from 750 to 600.\b\fs36\par
}
 